If you ever wanted to know how to make
men obsessed with you, I'm going to
share exactly what to do using
psychology and essentials in today's
video. Stay till the end because this is
going to change your dating life
completely. But before we start, I want
to mention quickly that I created a free
master class where I explain exactly why
men do not invest in you. I'm going to
break down all the mistakes most women
do which make men not want to invest in
you. Sign up for that video. I'm not
going to share this on YouTube or
anywhere else. And it's very very
important to know what are the mistakes
you do because even if you have men
being obsessed over you, you need to
also know how to make them actually
invest in you. Now, let's get right into
this. The first habit that will make any
man be completely obsessed over you is
to run after your dreams. Yes, you have
to understand to be chased or to be
obsessed over there needs to be someone
that is kind of running away, right? So
there is always the chaser and there is
always the runner. This doesn't mean to
actually run away from the man. This
means you have to have a full life and
be a bit unbothered by men in general.
Yes, it's great to have them, but you do
not revolve your world around men. You
are chasing your dreams. You're chasing
your perfect life and therefore men will
be attracted to you because you're not
revolving around them. I like to compare
that to my cats. I have two cats and one
of them is always around me. She's
following me everywhere. She's waiting
for me at the door. She's always sitting
with me. And the other one is kind of
more reserved, just doing her own thing,
being a little bit withdrawn and only
comes when she actually wants to be
touched or needs something. And the way
I deal with them differently is the one
that is always around. I kind of take
her for more granted and I feel like ah
give me some space like I need to
breathe. Don't follow me everywhere. And
the other one that is a bit more
withdrawn just doing her own life, her
own thing. I'm more interested and more
appreciative of time with her because I
have only limited time with her. She's
doing her own life. She's doing her own
thing. She's not always available for
cuddles. She's not always available for
attention. So, I'm appreciating it way
more when she is available in comparison
to the other cats that is always
available, always around me, always
sitting with me on the sofa, always
sitting with me on the bed. And that's
the same way with men. You need to be so
busy with living your own life, okay?
You're running after your dreams. Run to
other countries. Travel. Do things that
you love doing. Go to the gym. Have a
routine. You have to have your life so
full that you actually do not have time
to ruminate about men. To ruminate if he
saw your message, if he was online, if
he's mad at you. You don't even have
time for that. You need to run after
your dreams and make your life full.
Habit number two is to always get ready
as your ultimate self. What do I mean by
that? This is not about just brushing
your hair, brushing your teeth,
showering. No, every single day get
ready and act as the ultimate version of
yourself would do. I want you to every
day think about how would the best
version of yourself
dress, how would she put on her makeup,
how is she looking like? And even though
you cannot change things overnight, it
will change progressively when you keep
doing things over an extended period of
time. For example, every single day I am
styling my hair. It's a non-negotiable
for me. Did I do that years ago? No. And
you know, I have had short hair. I have
had blonde hair. I changed my styles
multiple times. And it was a progress,
right? Years ago, I did not act like my
ultimate self. I was just waking up,
brushing my hair, and that was it. I was
not asking myself, does this actually
fit my tone of skin? Does this actually
fit my type? And that's how I evolved
myself to become the ultimate version of
myself, become more beautiful every
single day, become more self-confident
in my skin because I was asking myself,
what can I do today to be the ultimate
best version of myself? Now, the next
thing, I'm always dressing up. Today,
I'm wearing a beautiful long dress, even
though I'm probably not even going
outside. Yes, I'm doing the video and
maybe I will go for a little walk or
getting a matcha, but no matter what I'm
doing every single day, I'm dressing up.
And I'm not doing that for others. I'm
not doing that for men. I'm actually
doing that for myself because sometimes
on Sundays I'm thinking, "Oh, I don't
feel like getting ready." But actually
that one day which is usually Sunday, I
always feel my worst self because I'm
not getting ready. I'm not putting on
any makeup. I'm not putting on nice
clothes and it doesn't make me feel very
good. Yes, I can rest more, read or do
other things, but actually I'm not
feeling my best. So what actually makes
me feel good is to dress properly, get
ready, look amazing, put on a nice
dress, do my hair, do my makeup, even
when it takes up some time. This is what
makes me feel good. When I feel good,
I'm also doing good. I'm having a
different aura. I'm having different
energy. And that's also when I attract
the most things in life. Not only men,
but especially men. Yes. When I go
outside and I feel my best, I'm
completely magnetic. I'm drawing
everyone to me. I'm drawing men to me.
I'm drawing opportunities to me. And
this is really not so much about how
exactly you look or how you dress or
what hair color you have or what body
type you have. This is actually about
how is your aura, what is your energy
speaking to the world. Your energy is
speaking to other people. They receive
your energy. They receive your aura and
they feel drawn to that aura. And that's
exactly what men are obsessing over.
Men, obviously, they're very visual and
they like to look at beautiful things,
but they also feel the energy. It's not
only about being beautiful. It's also
about being nice to be around. Men wants
to be with a beautiful woman, but also a
woman that is nice to be around. And of
course, if you have a good energy, nice
aura, men want to be around that. Men
may know or may not know. But when they
are in your aura or your energy, they
are actually benefiting from that as
well. Usually when a man is in a
relationship with a woman that is
relaxed and has this aura for some
miraculous reason, he is also getting
more opportunities, more money and more
business deals. And that's not just by
chance. That is because energy and aura
is real and men are unconsciously or
consciously looking for that. Apart from
that, men like to know that there is
competition. Okay. And let's say you're
already in a relationship and you're not
taking care anymore of yourself. Then
you're giving the man no fear of losing
you. There is for him no competition
because you're not taking care of
yourself. That's why it's so important
that even if you're in a relationship or
you're married, whatever, keep on taking
care of yourself, looking your best
self, okay? whatever that means for you,
but dress up. Find out what's the best
hairstyle for you. Do your hair every
single day. Do a minimal makeup every
single day. Do something that makes you
look your ultimate best self every
single day because that also will make
the man feel like, "Oh my god, she's so
beautiful. She can just walk out the
door and find another man at any given
time." I want you to never ever let go
of yourself. Okay? You and your looks
are your priority. Studies have shown
when you take care of yourself, you are
obsessed with yourself and you pour your
energy into yourself first, then this
actually has a ripple effect in your
full life. Not only for men, this will
make you more money, more successful.
This will have a complete change in your
life. So from today, I want you to
whenever you wake up or you get a
message from a man, never ever reply
immediately. Before you reply, drink
water, take your supplements, do
something to pour energy first into
yourself. First of all, this gives a gap
for him to realize, oh, she's not
replying immediately. Is she busy? What
is she doing? You're not waiting for his
messages. You have your life. And second
of all, you will become more confident
and more beautiful because every time
someone else requires your attention,
you choose to first pour energy and
attention into yourself. And then when
you are full, when you are confident and
taken care of, you come from that full
cup, from your full feminine, juicy
energy that is relaxed, well taken care
of, looking amazing, then you reply,
then you pick up the call, then you call
him back, then you are available. Okay?
You're not waking up immediately texting
a man. No, you wait until you are ready.
And once you are ready, once you feel
your best self, that's when you reply.
That's when you engage with a man. And
that's exactly what will make him
obsessed with you too. When you're
obsessed with yourself, men will be
obsessed with you, too. Habit number
three is to always be sweet and soft
whenever you interact with a man. But
once a man is crossing a line, once a
man is crossing a boundary, you switch
completely. Not to be rude, not to be
mean, but to be very clear, precise, and
you say, "I do not respect that
behavior. I do not engage with that
behavior. Don't talk to me that way. I
do not see my future self with a man
talking to me that way." You're setting
clear standards and boundaries. And
that's what makes men obsess over you
because they know that you are that
sweet girl, that you are that soft and
amazing feminine woman. But be aware
once you step over her boundaries, she
can switch immediately and completely
and she can walk away like she never
ever cared. This actually signals that
you are not giving your time to
everyone. Okay, this signals that your
time is very valuable, that you respect
yourself and your time and whenever
somebody is disrespecting you is
stepping over your boundaries. You're
not afraid to lose anyone. Men know that
you're very selective with your time and
with the people you share your time
with. When they know that you're so
selective, that's when they start to
obsess over you and chase you because
they know they have to do something to
get your attention. They have to do
something to be in your life, to get a
time with you, to get a date with you.
You're not a given thing in their life.
And they know that. That's what makes
them obsess. You should never make it
too easy for a man. Once you make it too
easy, you're not that interesting
anymore. and they lose actually that
obsession. So many times women in the
beginning they are kind of playing hard
to get but they're just playing that
role of hard to get and once they fall
in love once they are emotionally
invested in that man they lose that
power and the man stops to be so
interested. The man stops to obsess over
her. the man stops to chase her because
he knows she's anyways here. No matter
what he does, he has her already. You
should never ever give a man the feeling
that he has you fully. Yes, when you're
in a relationship, he should know that
you're not going to cheat on him, but
you can leave at any time if things go
south. If things do not align with your
future self, then you have no issues to
walk away. The next habit that makes a
man obsess over a woman is to find out
his love language and feed his ego. Yes,
that may sounds a bit manipulative, but
it's not. Actually, it's just
understanding the other person and then
playing the cards the right way. Okay,
this is a game as everything else in
life and you want to win in that game.
You do not want to keep losing. And if
you want to win, you need to understand
your opponent. If the other player has
the love language of words of
affirmations or physical touch, which is
most of the time, then you need to know
that you need to give him that whenever
you see him. Be good to be around. Be
easy and nice and soft to be around.
Don't make him drama. Whenever you are
around him, make him feel good. Make him
feel like he's the only man in your
life, even if he's not. For example,
you're on a date. Slightly touch his
shoulder when you're looking over the
menu. Slightly touch his knee. Don't go
too close up there, just his knee. Okay?
These soft, warm, physical touches make
men be obsessed over you. Another thing
you can do apart from actual words of
affirmations, send him pictures that you
do not send anyone or anywhere else.
Like you don't share them on social
media. You only send it to him. This
makes him feel so special and he will be
obsessed just because you do that.
That's very simple. Or for example, you
go to the salon and you send him the
nails and you ask him what he likes in
nails. what's his favorite color, what
he wants you to put on your nails, and
then you send him a picture of the nails
done. That's also how you can ask him
then to cover the nails. Usually, real
provider men will anyways do that, but
that's something I will get into in
another video. The next and I think
fifth habit is to be present and smile
genuinely.
So many people nowadays are sitting on
their phone, head down, and are not
present at all. They're looking around
while he's talking. But what actually
makes a man obsessed is you listening
and be present. Even if you don't really
listen to him, act like you would. Okay?
And this can look like looking at him
slightly touch your hair, but look at
him smile and laugh whenever he says
something that should be a joke. Even if
it's not funny, make him feel good with
being good to be around. Like this one
sentence is going through all the points
because that that's actually what makes
men super obsessed with you. Now, when
you're with him, again, smile. Touch
your hair. You can also touch your arm
slightly and look a little down, look
up, and then that's so funny. Whenever
you're on a date, do not talk so much
about yourself. Let him talk. In
whatever relationship you are, people
always want to talk about themselves.
Everyone wants to talk about themselves.
So, if you want to make a man obsessed
with you, let him talk about whatever
matters to him. You will find out in the
first few conversations what actually
matters to him. Is it his business,
money, cars, a specific hobby? And then
ask about that. When it is business, ask
him, "Oh, what's the strategy?" Ask him
questions that you don't even care
about, but questions that he would want
to answer. And if you're not yet on a
date and you want to attract men, to
draw men to talk to you as well, don't
look on your phone. Keep your phone in
your pocket or in your bag. Chin high,
shoulders back, and smile. Be present.
Don't rush. Don't look quickly left and
right. Walk and have a presence. That's
when men will obsess over you. And I
promise they are coming to approach you.
They are coming to talk to you just
because of the way you hold yourself.
The next habit I want to get into is
about how you speak and your tone of
voice. You must speak with intention
always. Okay, that means first of all
you do not overshare anything. You need
to keep a little bit of mystery around
you. Don't overshare whatever is not
asked. And even if it's asked, give only
partially of information. I myself I
used to overshare. Whenever someone
asked me, oh, how was your day? I would
go on, it was amazing. I was going to
the cafe, then I was going to the mall,
then I was doing, then I did pilatees,
then I went to the gym, then this
happened, and then one person talked to
me and I shared everything, which is a
mistake. Whenever he asks you, hey, how
was your day? It was amazing. I had
great time. If he asks you what you did,
then you say, um, not much. I drank
matcha, minimal information. Let him
wonder. Let him fill in the blanks. Let
him be curious. And apart from being
mysterious, also always talk with
intention and a sweet low tone of voice.
You do not want to rush in speaking, but
you also do not want to rush in general,
especially when you're around men. And
when you say something, you say it with
intention. You don't just fill in the
silence with blah blah blah blah blah.
Filling in the silence, unnecessary
information and words. You sit
comfortably in silence when there is
nothing being said, which makes him
realize, hey, she's confident. She
doesn't have an issue with being silent.
It signals him that you let him lead.
The final and last habit, and probably
the most important habit that will make
men obsess over you, is receiving. Men
actually love women that know how to
receive. Receive compliments, receive
help, receive support. That does not
mean demanding.
No, demanding is something very
different. You know how to receive in
general from life, from men, from
everywhere and everyone.
Let's say you are walking to the mall.
The door is closed. There is a man just
a few steps behind you. You notice that
you stop in front of the door and let
him open the door.
Now after he opened the door for you,
receiving does not only mean receiving.
It also means appreciate the support.
How do you appreciate whatever you
received? You look him in the eye, you
say, "Thank you so much." And you walk
through the door. The whole point here
is that whenever you receive something
in your life, you appreciate it. You
know how to respond. And you always want
to respond from a position of I know I
deserve that. This is my normal. I have
been here before. I'm receiving this all
the time, but I'm not taking it for
granted. This means that you either need
to learn how to receive. If you're used
to be hyperindependent and not used to
receive help from men, practice that.
Okay? Whenever there is a door, let men
open the door for you. in a restaurant,
ask the waiter to do things for you. Let
him pull the chair for you. If you're
used to receive things, learn to
appreciate it properly. Even though it
might is normal for you that everyone
opens the door, paying for your dinner,
paying your rent, whatever it is, learn
to appreciate it. That's where I am so
guilty because I saw things as that's
normal. Appreciate it. Always say thank
you so much with presents. Look him in
the eyes and say thank you. I appreciate
it. Doesn't matter how small the thing
is. It will go very far if you learn to
appreciate the small things. And men
obsess over that. Men are not used to
being appreciated that much for small
things. So, if you're the woman that
knows how to appreciate with warmth
whatever he does, he's going to obsess
over you and will be wanting to do more
for you. I promise. Anyways, thank you
so much for watching. I hope this could
help and I see you in my next video.
Bye-bye.